[{"hash":"f79b065b76eb697d5d8f22d56c990f5470b05a57","date":"2017-12-20T15:51:48.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Initial commit of workgroup information\n"},{"hash":"081c37991aa531c0d3dbf27a696187c5eea7ac9e","date":"2017-12-26T20:27:52.000Z","author":{"name":"pierce403","email":"pierce403@gmail.com"},"message":"added myself (#1)\n\n"},{"hash":"92f7c738d437d548ac12c1a28947bccb148ba4fa","date":"2017-12-28T19:57:10.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add participation information to readme.\n"},{"hash":"2e1af99dd20cded3b7e5411232e2563575f47d52","date":"2017-12-28T19:57:16.000Z","author":{"name":"cranau","email":"32647194+cranau@users.noreply.github.com"},"message":"Adding cranau"},{"hash":"1649fe3de9cb842f3de13d1038e8813816653e92","date":"2017-12-28T19:57:16.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Update telegram links to be to supergroups\n\nPreviously, Telegram \"channels\" had been allocated.  Channels do\nnot allow users to speak.  This commit changes the links to groups\nto be supergroups.\n"},{"hash":"8f548ca407d3828060073df6b31e8b223c06708c","date":"2017-12-28T20:05:47.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add Wrstuv31 to interested parties\n"},{"hash":"f125a27a1cbe4fbe7c0f9794d3a90f8ef38ba40d","date":"2017-12-28T20:05:49.000Z","author":{"name":"Chris Pacia","email":"ctpacia@gmail.com"},"message":"Add Chris Pacia to interested parties\n"},{"hash":"972f0194abeced3a4166169cd53b614705c1d924","date":"2018-01-04T14:34:44.000Z","author":{"name":"Jason B. Cox","email":"contact@jasonbcox.com"},"message":"Added Jason Cox to interested parties\n"},{"hash":"63f345824649191d75a9c00aa6c29c8a2dc3d07c","date":"2018-01-04T14:35:44.000Z","author":{"name":"Tom Harding","email":"tomh@thinlink.com"},"message":"Update workgroup.md"},{"hash":"0298ec688c0fd0b80d6e60bd2cedcc6294a37849","date":"2018-01-04T14:38:45.000Z","author":{"name":"Tom Harding","email":"tomh@thinlink.com"},"message":"Add Tom Harding to blocksize wg\n"},{"hash":"84f17960eaf4be36a11a1bcbe8f355a0de6bb595","date":"2018-01-11T01:46:49.000Z","author":{"name":"cranau","email":"32647194+cranau@users.noreply.github.com"},"message":"Update hardfork schedule details\n\nAdd hardfork schedule details, add @cranau as meeting chair."},{"hash":"d75a3c723a6437b40f58b5883a47be6bb0b07aa2","date":"2018-01-13T03:16:15.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Update interested parties, chairpeople, rename wallets to ux.\n"},{"hash":"c7d25a042c32bd6e7912c7e296c467bb191296d8","date":"2018-01-13T03:18:37.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add Earl as chairperson of malfix.\n"},{"hash":"ba0deb1ed960acebad446251e4d8dd8e01f058e9","date":"2018-01-15T03:41:47.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add JVP as Chair of OpCode workgroup.\n"},{"hash":"e05c64555cd37d6103188a037107f360ed584a1e","date":"2018-01-23T04:43:58.000Z","author":{"name":"Jason Dreyzehner","email":"jason@dreyzehner.com"},"message":"Correct some typos and add myself as interested in UX and Op Codes (#12)\n\n* correct some typos\r\n\r\n* add myself to Interested Parties for UX and Op Codes\r\n"},{"hash":"bb7e9d2374f1be794e90bba28a59b70b151ea69a","date":"2018-01-31T01:00:04.000Z","author":{"name":"HostFat","email":"hostfat@gmail.com"},"message":"Add UTXO commitments WG (#13)\n\n"},{"hash":"434e9460bb085695ddf78fb4267a33dee18c38e2","date":"2018-01-31T03:36:24.000Z","author":{"name":"HostFat","email":"hostfat@gmail.com"},"message":"Fix telegram link for UTXO commitment wg (#14)\n\n"},{"hash":"99b18179d48f2f277a21d5857440da86bff82626","date":"2018-02-01T01:24:23.000Z","author":{"name":"Ryan X. Charles","email":"ryanxcharles@gmail.com"},"message":"Add Ryan X. Charles to parties interested in block size\n"},{"hash":"3a7ca662814bd5123b37bf030cbeb460b7197706","date":"2018-02-01T01:24:29.000Z","author":{"name":"Ryan X. Charles","email":"ryanxcharles@gmail.com"},"message":"Add Ryan X Charles to parties interested in ux/wallets\n"},{"hash":"103883963c1dbcb1b08d5be959e39ef0f504eb36","date":"2018-02-01T01:24:57.000Z","author":{"name":"Jason B. Cox","email":"jcox1@linkedin.com"},"message":"Add jasonbcox to interested parties for wg-ux\n"},{"hash":"6e19f594f43731fa207bfe7b8b4713f184c69d00","date":"2018-02-01T17:21:15.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Clean up various nits\n\n"},{"hash":"b6861e57c26718dfe60ef7dcd2ea3d69ef8d4f98","date":"2018-02-07T15:25:26.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add summary for 20180130 malfix meeting\n\n"},{"hash":"8ce8a46976b6fa373af079334356983fe6c0b966","date":"2018-02-07T15:25:46.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add etiquette and meeting format recommendations.\n\n"},{"hash":"2e4b8761e0c3dab06d0ea008f74261b129f71066","date":"2018-02-09T17:07:29.000Z","author":{"name":"Shadders","email":"shadders.del@gmail.com"},"message":"Add protocol specification workgroup (#21)\n\n"},{"hash":"b05deb1ca9ae768d4f172eb1e6951523f9aab450","date":"2018-02-09T17:18:29.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Update links to a couple telegram groups (#23)\n\n"},{"hash":"7594c41bb8e2078d70b15400ef2a44b5d44e5d63","date":"2018-02-17T23:44:08.000Z","author":{"name":"CryptAxe","email":"cryptaxe@gmail.com"},"message":"Add sidechains work group\n\n"},{"hash":"7506495a21e3c068d586ad099880bcbaf9d75015","date":"2018-02-17T23:44:21.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add fungibility workgroup\n\n"},{"hash":"63ff0218e79a653cd7a270a244eceac767066612","date":"2018-02-17T23:44:33.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add 20170130 OpCodes meeting summary\n\n"},{"hash":"1ce3a2dc4adaee511053d52b7330d10f2c508f6d","date":"2018-02-17T23:44:41.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add 20180202 hardfork meeting summary\n\n"},{"hash":"e3136c5b07b7b842c5eeb7754a7bdb646ccbea77","date":"2018-02-19T00:59:36.000Z","author":{"name":"Daniel Connolly","email":"daniel@dconnolly.com"},"message":"Add 2018-02-07 opcodes meeting summary\n\n"},{"hash":"eafd5de0c61e50a2c4c3a46e0b0174b1e88fb008","date":"2018-02-19T20:05:10.000Z","author":{"name":"CryptAxe","email":"cryptaxe@gmail.com"},"message":"Update workgroup-list.md\n\nAdd Sidechains to workgroup list"},{"hash":"855c172d5c78b4d4ec1cc7b12e6e500eb3cfc634","date":"2018-02-20T21:45:25.000Z","author":{"name":"Mengerian","email":"antony.zegers@gmail.com"},"message":"Fix Mengerian's name\n\n"},{"hash":"4d5681ea32ebe48e1b8d5764f792524f44704438","date":"2018-02-22T18:56:45.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Update `etiquette.md` based on group feedback\n\n"},{"hash":"87f3362333eeb191147b3a8320e88dc547bed1b3","date":"2018-02-23T22:23:43.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add a watercooler group\n\n"},{"hash":"1491a8b926d641a5d13cf7eeede636fefc70ef87","date":"2018-02-26T17:00:56.000Z","author":{"name":"Jason Cox","email":"contact@jasonbcox.com"},"message":"Added current-status doc for op-codes wg (#28)\n\n"},{"hash":"2e683261dd5bc6f48a70242b1e32a9fa5bd8e6dc","date":"2018-02-26T17:04:02.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Update meeting format (#32)\n\n"},{"hash":"80b6ebe2799e7af2418a045622b9783e2acf15b8","date":"2018-02-27T18:14:14.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add skeleton for ecosystem participation (#30)\n\n"},{"hash":"28fd7bf803015705da52644a2de51b9dfeb3a0c2","date":"2018-02-27T18:14:28.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add a suggested meeting summary template (#31)\n\n"},{"hash":"93f8ef8b362ba1cabe09e31d5c6ebc488ae41523","date":"2018-02-27T18:26:32.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add recommended workflow for proposals (#35)\n\n"},{"hash":"594ac4228cb52b5d92f26479a1955f953e26ab2c","date":"2018-03-07T06:31:35.000Z","author":{"name":"Shammah Chancellor","email":"shammah.chancellor@gmail.com"},"message":"Add in a tokens workgroup (#37)\n\nThere seems to be a fair bit of interest in tokens on bitcoin cash.\r\nThis workgroup is being established to faciliate discussion of\r\nvarious tokenization methods."},{"hash":"2796368139b149546caa4b81a44bc87223c13c1f","date":"2018-03-13T14:06:17.000Z","author":{"name":"Brad","email":"brad1121@gmail.com"},"message":"Added WG Specification Meeting Summary (#34)\n\n"}]